# healthFul

# Overview
healthFul is an interactive game that educates people on health practices and health issues in Third World countries. The game has four main modes: start, help, play, and end. The goal of the game is for the user to obtain the positive symbols and power ups to score points and avoid the negative symbols. Every time the user obtains a symbol, a randomly-generated fact about health will pop up. For the positive symbols, the facts are tips for taking care of yourself and your body. For the negative symbols, the facts are about health issues present in Third World countries. healthFul was designed to help people become more aware of the importance of health through a fun and interactive way. 

# Installation:
In order to run this project, you will need to be able to run Python code on your computer or device. This can be done via calling the Python interpreter with a "shebang" line or via an interactive Python Shell. While this project was being created and tested, pyzo (a Python IDE) was used, with all this code being run in a Python shell. 15-112: Fundamentals of Programming and Computer Science, a computer science class taught at Carnegie Mellon University, provides easy-to-follow instructions on their course website for installing Python and pyzo: https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~112/notes/notes-getting-started.html (Note: I did not write this; this is courtesy of the 15-112 Class Notes). Python Central also provides instructions on how to run Python files: https://www.pythoncentral.io/execute-python-script-file-shell/ (Note: I also did not write this; this is courtesy of Python Central). The main module used in this project is TkInter, which is Python's de-facto standard Graphical User Interface (GUI) package. This should be included in all Python distributions and automatically available on most platforms if you have Python installed. The entire project put together is the "main.py" file, with all graphics drawn in TkInter. 
